 according to a total of 1840000 statistics, the number of british persons who have to be taxed by the united kingdom is 83.
 the provisions of the convention or accession to article 4 of the convention, if consistent with article 4, would be allowed to be implemented.
 the economic performance of the economic performance during the first quarter of 1993 has been kept in the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of the roster.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the setting up of remuneration as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 however, according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, there is an analysis of the price of price prices for those parks.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of shopping market stalls in shopping and street markets is the most high rate of 5 years.
 the most difficult for peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, as forecasts the assumption that the prediction of the prediction is likely to occur in the year.
 it is important to take into account the country's intentions, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for the israeli spokesperson said that the occupying forces had stayed for his long period.
 some of us believe that this action may not be possible if the action was held at the outset.
 this is extremely helpful to member states aware of the complexity of the problems involved in the court.
 the family family association was established in january 1996 and is now a major non-governmental organization in reproductive health.
 states parties are most appropriate for the most critical health issues affecting women affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its power to establish international treaties, therefore, legal and in fact the subject of international law.
 although activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do with the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who perpetrate the law should be allowed to understand that the international community is the post of the council's decision and action.
 parents cannot afford the responsibility to give the responsibility to schools and teachers.
 " we are now happy to see the implementation of the two country, two systems, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, who would represent the group of 21, will speak on the other.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme (ss) must avoid competition with private property market and maintain the difference between the two.
 we look forward to the conduct of the strengthening of the united nations and to conduct thorough analyses with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive elected is elected by the chief executive election.
 if a person is a person guarantee, it is necessary to take appropriate action to prevent the installation of that device.
 it also established an international e-business network, which was successfully carried out in october 1998.
 the gross domestic product of the gross domestic product in 1996 was revised from 4.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to china for the first time, he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protests with the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the amount of claim for the military contingent of the military, in principle, is not compensable.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly with the presidency of the regional groups.
 long-standing problems in the two countries, as well as the government of the republic of belarus, to the governments of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine for the government of ukraine alone.
 member of the group of experts from india to the world trade organization for the united states and the united states.
 his wife, huang lai-jun, who decided to select the university's school students.
 however, the committee points out that the services of the state may not have no advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the construction of the educational system, which will set up the necessary institutions and services.
 on the december 30, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that people who wish to use the internet should be registered to the banks concerned.
 in conclusion, he expressed gratitude to the marine department of the building and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, a number of preconditions regarding these groups are required for political reasons.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warnings will be resumed at about 10.30 am, in addition to the normal situation in hong kong.
 it is regrettable that the draft preparation for the preparation of the conference is incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 it is, therefore, that the indonesian authorities really wish to resolve these problems.
 official languages include english, russian-speaking, french, spanish, and spanish this year.
 in dealing with local trade unions, 16 16 per cent of local financial institutions and 10 per cent of local non-competitive clients have been undertaken by hong kong.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more more than a more multi-storey hostels.
 it is crucial to seek to be achieved in the future of multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was then arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern was expressed for concern for humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has filed an appeal on this subject, so as to leave the chamber to france.
 the economic slowdown in the economies of these economies contributes to the promotion of economic progress and to the stability of social stability. thus, we are deeply concerned about these countries.
 it is seven days.
 our socialist state, through the united nations, entered the world and, through the united nations, are interdepending each other.
 thirdly, special emphasis was given to the implementation of local, enterprise and public participation strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role in order to enable the information technology efforts to promote development in developing countries.
 he said, " don't understand the sword, " he said, " don't be able to know how much the swords act. "
 (15) an international outlook for the words and thinking of thinking.
 it has been 2 months since 11 september.
 china's ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-ememiavian flu was a very effective measure.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces would be able to prevent the mistakes of violent conflicts.
 at this critical juncture, however, the opposition parties must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration can initiate dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, on behalf of the african group, has commended the efforts made by unifem for its evaluation.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year to establish 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of the year, this year's kechi river's keelung river has been the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card's credit card operations.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the publications are enriched by a number of social and economic areas, with detailed reports on statistical developments.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have shown that they are tending to increase the permanent membership of the council.
 customers may apply for the first six months after the issuance of the special stamps.
 mr wong will visit the deputy secretary for education and deputy secretary for education and deputy secretary for education, mr lai lai, and the officials of the education department.
 in 1971.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of voters and electoral activities which may not be easy for judges.
 the members of the states members of the south pacific states express regret that the nuclear tests conducted by france in the south pacific would resume its nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years.
 the service fee is $ 20 per hour. "
 in many cases, there are still residents in many of them.
 these actions can be attributed to police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public.
 in fact, i am going to go to the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, the right to self-determination and implementation of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance and implementation of peace and the implementation of peace.
 this means of reference can help to identify a genuine responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint chairman of the co-chair.
 the committee affirms its commitment to the process of nation-building, to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilization.
 the assembly urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the palestinian people and residences have been destroyed, and israeli troops were stopped at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more tight and simple, and the content of the text is even more common.
 this continued high prices of house prices, but also a great deal of attention to the government sector and experts from the government.
 he didn't talk about what we want to take a look at the hearts of mind.
 we can't have a very valuable contribution to the various academics of the profession.
 as the saying goes, " we do not want to make a mistake.
 it is expected that the large national party will be able to accelerating the democratic party in the new millennium.
 in the days of the day, the pavals, such as wedding, light fire, is like the " bargain ".
 mainland china's opening up to taiwan is optimistic about taiwan's tourism, the local business industry.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functional jurisdictions is the navigation and passage of the exclusive economic zone of the sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to be advised to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world organization organization in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of this report.
 in the absence of international conventions, international law stipulates in accordance with the provisions of the international court.
 the universal declaration of universal declaration of human relations, adopted by the general assembly of 10 december 1948, was a new era of national relations.
 the committee commends the human rights of the constitution of slovenia, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on the contrary, there was no white place in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination was therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak of a history process, and the process has been beginning to start over a multiple political difficulty.
 since the government's publication on the internet, the number of brows websites from april to 60000 were recorded in november.
 there were no such cases in the case of the committee or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear-testing committee must depend on the competence and the modalities of the committee.
 the letter of authorisation shall be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as far as you are aware, we do not express our view that " we think " is not important.
 the nationalization of the congo was widely shared by the international community to terminate the conflict.
 one of the users is to assess the damage caused by floods and the damage caused by the floods.
 therefore, the government will adopt a 1 step on the basis of the two exchanges of hong kong's internal exchanges and two exchanges of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office has to assist in implementing confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offence and the maximum limits of the offence, the minimum and maximum limits of the offence, the minimum and maximum limits of dangerous drugs are added.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was launched by the bullet.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for care for care of care, the applicant is generally divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of the spread of aids.
 as for example, it was a product of modernisation.
 thus, it is possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and harmony and promote the development of different peoples of the world.
 in the food price, i do not know what the business of the business sector can do.
 this is not only possible to enhance the production of local film production, " he added.
 i would like to understand that all members of our people will be eligible to have been eligible for the past 17 years.
 on the other hand, the symptoms of symptoms can be attributed to minors.
 the coordination of issues related to cooperation of the united nations in cooperation with the united nations is appropriate.
 in the face of the marketing flowers, parents can choose to choose one of the most suitable " product ".
 the consequences of the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnamese and lao, who cannot be able to obtain voluntary repatriation, will continue to be voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, a moratorium on nuclear testing is essential for maintaining a moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of movement.
 it was also believed that this may create a precedent that led to all types of ships to be issued before the matter.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the question, the government will never listen to the views of the legal opinion.
 by the end of august 1997, 34 china's state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong were generated by a total of us$ 7000000000.
 to date, over 30 tons of relief items were transported to goma.
 the committee expresses appreciation for the challenge of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of the drug drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was not possible for trade in egypt before the opening of the borders of 1994.
 madam president, in fact, the process of processions, in fact not a small number of people, are not often political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of about the credibility.
 recently, the private sector companies and the foundation of the private sector are marked by a significant increase in the interest of the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is the israelis, but also to the residents.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to complete all the services.
 the recent development of britain's recent political developments in britain seem to help hong kong's early settlement of this problem.
 the model part consists of models of pre-sortology models and segration of oil, which had been developed.
 9.9 percentage points of this growth have changed changes in currency exchange rates.
 the typical of illicit arms transactions are carried out away from the control of arms and export facilities.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of switzerland of switzerland to use the financial system of switzerland.
 most of the job vacancies are available to receive a diploma or degree of graduates from $ 8000 to $ 6000.
 the value of the works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999 was set out in schedule.
 with regard to the details of the committee's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 it was to be hoped that in the near future, it was hoped that in the near future, they were in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is an important complement and support from the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation was of the view that international nuclear disarmament efforts are at the forefront of the teno characters and the prospects for future.
 because mr leung's honourable leung has a lot of time and i give my support.
 the observer for indians, africa and the americas association felt that the non-chinese population should be recognized as a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years to grasp the performance of the university graduates.
 we are not clear about the chinese versions of the chinese government in hong kong as an excuse for the mainland.
 the commissioner of commissioners held its 5 plenary session in new york, on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law sets out the criteria for conducting these parties (in the signature of the signatory, dependent on parties and certification).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of implementation of national programmes would be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hksar has enthusiastically supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, only a telephone is only one of the only 5300 persons in africa in africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of the personnel and bodies.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days in the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt for several days.
 as a result of the speed up, the cost of transport costs has been reduced, and all sectors would benefit.
 as a result, the artists, such as zhao yagggg-g's or vegeters, are the same.
 3. 2. the 2 part is the people who have the knowledge, technology and skills skills to come to hong kong.
 she wanted to do things, such as radio, television, television, writers, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and thios.
 after talking about taiwan's children's children, it is indeed difficult to look at the impact on them.
 the amount of shipments can be paid to a higher value of value.
 in fact, the secretary for home affairs invited me to talk about the same relationship with the redevelopment zone.
 a consultant is entrusted with an independent expert team to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i don't have the eyes of my own eyes, but they have often heard this report.
 (a) interested companies in the cyberport will be required to submit formal application to the criteria for the cyberport.
 for movies, hou hsiao-hsien, hou hsiao-hsien, hou hsiao-hsien.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health was said to have been able to reach about four years later.
 difficult.
 in the department's central agency, women account for more than 50 per cent of current staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them are management positions.
 the court believes that the purchase of the purchase price did not fulfil its obligations.
 the independent human rights associations of the region should be associated with the league of arab league on human rights.
 if the 50 session of the common sponsors of the draft, the 50 session of the draft sponsors would create a record: this would be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 recently, the sfc has recently pledged to make a report on hong kong's financial position in this year.
 the meeting was of the view that the mandate of holding elections is the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 visitors may also relocate them into a modern civilization, which is almost in the modern civilization.
 we have a lot of goal to bring hong kong into an international city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr. lin, director of social welfare, and managing members of the department of social welfare, presented a new year of $ 80.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of " juvenile police warning ".
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 if the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan has moved, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact.
 <unk> shanghai <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the hong kong shipping company (hkc) has founded the commercial decision of the hong kong shipping company, such as those who can help ship owners.
 help sierra leone and people of sierra leone, after eight years of civil peace, is a priority for the united states.
 it was said that history was in the same way.
 the national development framework of the transitional government demonstrates the role of the state in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party take into account the competence of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and that international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do much work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that his delegation had always been very active in carrying out their functions since the committee was.
 israel is proud of the age-old traditions with the entire world.
 <unk> the director of information services, mr john choi choi, will serve as the director of information services in the information services department, january 7, 2001.
 the dances of the dances are the gods of the flowers of the flowers.
 the most disturbing situation in the social field of the united nations is most disturbing.
 as a result, he said again that the child has infected with me.
 questionnaires have been delivered to all programmes and governments of governments, national teams and the united nations agencies.
 in addition to the t'i-chi's photos, the colons of the team will be able to look forward.
 the aim is to bring pressure on 3-party pressure and peace-building so that ethiopia will no longer wage war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we intend to introduce the bill 2004.
 the people of kosovo, with the people of kosovo, should not allow them to rush away, and they should be able to move forward in the future.
 we must not forget that these are public funds and absolutely not wasteless.
 on the contrary, local university degree places will be increased in the coming year.
 i have recently participated in the general assembly of the population.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to a copy of the prosecutor or the person.
 james soong said on may 5, he arrived in beijing and hu jintao in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report and subsequent additional information.
 north korea, a major train accident occurred on the 22, north korea's road.
 the activities of the special rapporteur include extensive briefings to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 we cannot agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong and the expression of speech.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also involve other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a member of the public, but i have often heard of the religious and love spirit.
 therefore, the chinese government will not only be eligible for the chinese government only only in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the executive and the legislative council, " he added.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiuhai.
 in fact, we have partly implemented some of the provisions of some of its provisions, especially for the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.30000 and the first time for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the united states import bank and export banks were providing financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 the two informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at the present time, the government is considering the law to take legal action on the old sites in the old sites.
 the proposed 36 posts comprising 36 posts, 18 posts from the support account for the operation of the support account for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 path " is the main reference for chen shui-bian.
 right, with regard to the two-odd swords, um, we are here here.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up the raid on the spot spots on the spot.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, but also written in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the members of the council, the state of the central african republic.
 if you wish to get on the scene, the meeting was 2105 rooms.
 the recording of the record shall be issued in the last 3 years.
 there will be 2000000000 people.
 a large number of people in bangkok are taking preparations in the year before the wto centre of bangkok.
 we fully support similar statements by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, urban taxis in urban taxis are open to car parks at the junction of ming ming road and hing road.
 the united nations conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure of the transfer of legitimate arms transfers between sovereign states and the sovereign state.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamline manpower owing to the slowdown in economic slowdown and the uncertainty prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such punishment is only not only in the czech republic, but there is no access to refugee status.
 when i went to my children, i was a very serious and serious matter that is a very serious matter.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of the peoples of africa also participated in the international seminar.
 research on the gender differences and inequality arises in the research process of the risk process.
 according to a conservative estimate of the biolocal engineering engineering centre and the environmental protection agency, the potential for these technologies can be added to us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members for the appointment of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is to be concerned about the elderly.
 " the financial surplus of the east asian region has all along been accumulated in the east asian region.
 swd has contacted his family and provide psychological counselling counselling.
 the maximum cost of the country is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy for the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in identifying the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 there is almost no place in which such persons have not been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether or not, they should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of police recruitment, wages, training and management of the police also apply equally to the prison guards.
 " checks are also found to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other facilities, " the spokesman added.
 now, after the nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has already been included or are reflected in some international conventions.
 there are rooms for the buildings and the floor floor of the buildings department.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters will be deployed before the 1 round of ballot.
 i wish hong kong for hong kong as a sunlight, the air, the air, the air and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong and has been the main driving force of economic development.
 therefore, we emphasize the obligations under the nuclear powers to the end of the comprehensive test-ban treaty.
 by contrast, the largest internet services provided by the united states on internet users have a network of 20 users.
 since the opening up of the reform, the country's national and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to achieve a prosperous, social and stability.
 in my country's warm warming and warming of our country, it will be long until two years ' warm warming.
 i hope that in the process of today's meeting, the secretary-general can be able to keep this hall in the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision is allowed to be allowed to give up the guardian's right after the appointment of the person.
 for example, the measures agreed by the conference include a uniform travel document for national citizens of the region.
 it is a good friend to say that we can friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment and changing difficulties of the labour industry have been troubled for some time.
 " even if they entered into taiwan, " we should not give up the performance of the " live drama ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical effects.
 as a result, there was a sharp rise in inflation in the last year.
 i would not want to let the rights of hong kong in mainland china and taiwan in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are at the age of 66.
 the financial secretary of the company also presented the same projection on the weekend.
 the project would also allow more people to know cultural diversity and maintain the demise of such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the seizure of the asset was carried out in accordance with the procedure of the criminal procedure, and was carried out by the judge.
 judging from this, the students of the students may not have the only way to do so.
 in the case of medical supplies for the installation of primary health facilities in unrwa, the patient is based on the basic medical supplies department (fdd).
 the plan is not merely redeployed.
 based on the theme, the conference attempted to remind people of the attention of every 20 minutes to death or maimed.
 when there was a number of crafts and crafts, some crafts can be purchased.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic advice and compliance with the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion was also surprising, as it was surprising that the legal adviser had previously referred to the lack of proper acts of the defence of the defence payment.
 in the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expanding the existing social security systems.
 the amputation of amputation of their life marks their lives, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries were declining simultaneously.
 after the implementation of the scheme, it is expected that many colleagues will take the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been handed over to his father's his father, who were reportedly visited by the interior officials.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only part of low-level skills is the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that the current policy of small enterprises is based on the basis of the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau, mrs miriam lau, said to be the " charter for youth ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to conspiracy to deception the woman.
 they are open to a gradual and gradual market for monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq this time.
 the real real development concept should include full respect for all universal human rights.
 the state practice has shown that the length of the right to option is large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervently hoped that the security council will have its consideration of the agenda of the previous agenda, which could also be reconsidered.
 countries realized a large number of reducing populations living in poverty, although the economic crisis in the asian asian economic crisis.
 as a result, the countries of some financial resources are not available.
 acknowledgement of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be committed to achieving multi-dimensional groups and joining together to join hands together.
 he found that development, manufacturing and sales have been developed as well as many of the world's famous consumer products.
 since then, it was confirmed by the veterinal veter, which confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions surveying data, verifying the rate of self-sustaining rates.
 to implement the flood problem in the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river administration project.
 capitalism without legal and ethical norms often creates a crime of drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the first work of the king's work, chen sheng-tung, the first work of the king's worker, was the first art.
 the one-way north-way area between the two places can be shortened to about 40 minutes.
 the report makes it clear that the report on the deteriorating economic situation of the palestinian territory accounted to be added.
 <unk> do not have a lot of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 people were killed and 38 individuals were burned dead.
 the working group, with the international human rights service, has dealt with these issues in 1997, with a minority rights group, held in 1997.
 28 of the 28 target officers and 13 police officers in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would be useful to consider the changes in the control of the change.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, there were more than 800 persons who are allegedly exposed to the police in connection with the police.
 in accordance with article 22, a person who commits guilty of terrorist activities is governed by the existing legislation.
 mr president, mr. president, the problem will be completely resolved after the closure of the landfill landfills next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children in armed conflict have left permanent disability or injury.
 this is a great help to the development of ecology tourism.
 basically, it is a very visible commitment in the development of the north-western region.
 if the housing authority fails to make improvements or results, the department will send a warning letter to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world and the most competitive economies in the world.
 the construction works of the hong kong highways department today (july 20) signed the construction of hk$ 680000000 after the construction contract of the kinmen company.
 in the case of hong kong law, i am referring to the laws of the basic law.
 thirdly, cooperation in the field of non-traditional security should be carried out.
 between june and july 1997, most of the major sectors of the major industry and underemployed are stable.
 this is not easy, but if a quota system has been made, a lot of people with disabilities can be absorbed.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiation of the negotiation of the international convention for the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the regulation and industrial operations of the company, will effectively implement the protection of the protection scheme.
 this letter does not appear to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains a correct framework for the future of east timor in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in the world is growing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party argues that the same should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the richer conflict in darfur is the dispute between the rebels in the region of the region.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the purpose of land for the future development council and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details of the details have also been published in providing research grants to those who improve the language.
 in the cold and time, chen wei-tung sits at the waves of the bowl and time.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal of the garrison act and the current practice of the garrison act is almost different.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up a resource centre for the establishment of a resource centre is not encouraging to encourage people themselves.
 the chairman of the joint conference would like to make it very useful and will take action on the recommendations of the recommendations.
 in addition, we will make preparations for the review of district councils after the 2003 elections.
 vehicles at 1 avenue will be restricted solely to the vehicle at 1 avenue.
 more than 320000 people using the village to be moved to the village, and the trees were over three years.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the institute of land reform is a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee did not object to these posts.
 anyone who might have information on the girl or the girl is urged to call a mong kok police station on 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal presentation in order to improve the quality and improve productivity programme.
 this morning, we have time to focus this morning and i wish to focus on two issues.
 to this end, emphasis on education is the necessary means and means of promoting social development in the developing countries.
 ruf is not the army, and it has also affirmed that it is definitely not for the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of audits of accounting for the united nations assets, that is, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but it cannot be impossible.
 for security reasons and for the sake of protecting the environment, these substances must be untested without any radioactive, non-existent, unprotectable gas and without chemical.
 the crime of treason is already in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat posed by a nuclear-weapon-free threat has appeared to be rooted in the brains of many people.
 the village sees the redeployment.
 the armed conflict in darfur region last february last year.
 the right to discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, in particular as part of the protection of a plural system.
 the commission's procedure is to be confidential, in accordance with relevant rules, any documents or addresses.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, we believe that hong kong ranks in the future.
 the so-called choice is to decide whether or not to purchase the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but long-term, it will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat from backing down.
 at that time governor chris patten was busy preparing a party to the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be co-ordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, have always been saddened, and sadness and religious boundaries.
 the value of the operation consisted of $ 50000.
 in recent years, there have been changing changes in the world economy.
 these guidelines have already been distributed to all management companies and owners of the buildings department.
 they were of the view that it would be the level of science technology, scientific and scientific theoretical.
 while member states are requested to strengthen field representations, their progress is being hampered by the lack of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb exploded near the market near the city at the city centre.
 senior officials of the senior officials who attended the session, as well as individuals, will be sent to the united nations security and security service.
 the latest map and the information received from both the latest maps and newly received information were prompted to the rescue body.
 it provides gender-based citizens, including students, men, women and children, no sex.
 the united nations peacekeeping force, however, carried out mine clearance activities in carrying out mine clearance activities.
 the government of cambodia, the kingdom of cambodia, is providing legal protection to hiv <unk> aids and to protect human rights.
 once again, we have to wait again to the housing department to inspect the time to inspect the time.
 drop-out rates are still higher than those for boys at secondary school and university, while males are still in place.
 on the other hand, there was an outbreak of the two parties in the face of anti-competence and dynams.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 but we have never imagined that her decision has changed her decision.
 when the bus accumulated has accumulated, the transport department will receive the warning letters.
 that is, in the hands of the united states, i was in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environment and co-operation of the world bank.
 if senior officials are concerned, it would not be possible to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it's definitely not right to say, yes.
 the cuban sugar quota for the united states market has been proposed.
 however, in the longer run, the government intends to make an additional recruitment exercise.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day was to go to the gendarmerie.
 mr lo made a statement on the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region.
 the more voters will go to vote, and of course the 1 leg of the 1 council.
 a remote site is estimated to be 20 minutes within a place of 13 kilometres.
 if he is not enough enough to take a rest, i believe it would be better to believe.
 this approach is very clear.
 an armed attack in december 1963 was the ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the case, " the spokesman said.
 his delegation expressed appreciation for the constructive contribution of the delegation of the chinese delegation.
 no one has to turn to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the martial situation, she asked whether the causes of the causes of family division had been identified.
 the fact is that the planet is worse than a year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the members of the council and the special advisers for the special advisers.
 he will conduct major reforms to the securities and futures markets and strengthen supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important organisations have been encouraged to participate in all levels of activities at all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority had been under external force, without control and actions by the control groups and individuals.
 " this has achieved all the dedication and continuous efforts in the past, " he added.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improve services, parents have paid some costs on the basis of household income.
 further efforts, however, need to be made more widely to promote the outcome of the publicity results.
 persons who are not allowed to support these acts of criminal acts should not be allowed to have access to safe shelters.
 on july 26, 1997, a security guard was founded by a security guard to locate two burgltus of the suspects.
 it is of the opinion that he and other perpetrators must be accountable to their actions.
 in the traditional business environment, the marketing can only take care of what he can actually get in contact with them.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates under the territory of the territory shall be protected in accordance with the same protection of haiti.
 the member states of the european union had three years to come into line with the directive agreement between the law and 6 june 2000.
 the pfp was quite anger in the manner in which the pfp took a press conference.
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries of the region in the region continues to be carried out by japanese economy.
 there are other people who own themselves to save their own people.
 on the other hand, they also need to be sold on the hard cartage, and they also have to be sold on the other.
 a six-year-old-year-old educature in the world's fisheries industry agreed to have an over six years.
 despite the condemnation of numerous resolutions of the international community, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 the hkma will carry out enforcement functions in accordance with the regulation and standards of regulatory authority in the sfc.
 the return of the stars will be returned to a star.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace and to a truly global mission.
 population estimates are an important element of projections and projections for private and commercial institutions and research.
 more than a few years ago, friends of friends are invited to attend the chinese academy of chinese schools.
 the government of the united states recognizes the diplomatic immunity of diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision is that the fee is to be paid as a result of the instrument of justice.
 during the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, hammers, interrupted interruptions and equipment loading equipment.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposal.
 the board of auditors also visited undcp's field offices in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of the loan or one of the company.
 it's not surprising that the chinese people have the impression of the names of the names of the name.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to sick families and disinfections to their homes.
 i would now like to focus on the question of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative of the recommendations recommended by the special rapporteur.
 at the time of the urgency of the urgency of the action, we refuse to stop the rest of the single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if the members of the council agree, i will do so.
 these include the threat of the threat of sovereignty, which include a threat to the threat of sovereignty and that they have been subjected to technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be maintained without the development of the international community.
 a number of state of emergency was extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to enter into other detention sites to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missiles, which makes them very appropriate for the use of threats, deterrence, self-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's policy to adopt, as far as possible, software products as far as possible.
 in addition, there are 106 private health centres centres of private care centres, at 106.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front line has not been significant.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a number of new interesting games.
 but there will be an immediate operation in the relevant departments.
 the commission can draw new images with the images of the new images with the databases of the commission database (s about 15000).
 the estimate of the local employment staff consists of 10 per cent.
 the use of coal to natural gas will also reduce sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishments are included in the manufacturing sector, with 100 or more persons employed in other sectors.
 under article 23 of the criminal code, section 23 of the sweden penal code, the maximum limits applicable to the purpose or a total of punishment is below the maximum limits applicable.
 the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, in addition to the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco, king of the world, has died of death.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation operation and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were organised by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two special concerns.
 there will be no way in which the car will be found to be illegal.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes) applied inadequate information technology.
 8 days later, the usa and the u.a.
 more than 2000 barolands will be displayed at the hong kong parkhouse exhibition at the hong kong park.
 the survey will provide for reliable information on the standard of living of the territory of the territory, in particular in respect of poverty.
 one of the hot spots in the plays are the new ones to be launched this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation abolishing the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the trend of universal respect for human rights.
 it is also known to know about the symptoms and other disorders.
 15 catholic churchs and the head of a humanitarian organization of the humanitarian organization, as well as many of his staff, are reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to provide more investigative powers and independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for the ministry of foreign affairs of japan and south korea was held in beijing in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the french employer.
 if mutual interests, the international community can work together with mutual interest.
 the ministry of finance made a response to the procedural order on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize, " he said.
 as the honourable lau ping-cheung, if he wants to apply for the application, it seems to be said <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the proposal of the proposal could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is necessary for the state to begin to collect the data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables is the result of undp from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that there are many words such as " such as " and so on.
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but in principle it opposes the road departure tax.
 under the contract, the transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon to regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured in the south-eastern part of the southern part of the province of the province, and continues to be in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we have decided to extend the programme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to helping the problem of labour shortage.
 they have adopted germany's floating models, and the cost of the vehicle is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court received an embroundry of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such tasks are still under way by the division, and the specific situation is required to take into account and ratify.
 a special traffic arrangements will be taken on hong kong island to meet the community chest.
 in accordance with the financial situation of students, universities are also given to the financial situation.
 improving our relationship and the resumption of multilateral negotiations, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is essential for furthering the common objective of our region.
 his strong strength is extremely strong, and he has been dominated by him.
 some of the members of the police will be interviewed by a number of police officers.
 although those oil oil was not appropriate for medical treatment, they were not advised to be sold through a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine as the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to give the tunnels under the tunnel of al-quds al-aqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the lunar new year's spring festival holiday, the travel industry council has not received any complaints about travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of the ministry of defence carried out an adjustment adjustment to reflecting the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the right to protest, i agree that everyone is in this regard.
 the vehicle immediately fled the scene along the ground along the road to the taiu road bridge.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopoly.
 however, it must be pointed out that direct comparison of the performance of their respective respective institutions and their missions are unfairly unfair.
 i believe that not only affects the future, but will also affect the future.
 the political hazards of environmental affairs, which had not been used as usual, has not been referred to the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization systems are just like the army to resist the bacteria.
 there is a high degree of participation in both citizens and voters.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to east east.
 in my view, this week, we believe this week, we have demonstrated our commitment to the resolve of this international health organization.
 i would also like to express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his report to the secretary-general for his report.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to rebuild democracy after several decades of political instability.
 the west gate of the west is only a legendary of her legend.
 the people of hong kong are well-known.
 in fact, it is an important part of the participation of the united nations in the oceans.
 in history there is no other child with no other child.
 " we 've got the entire continent of the entire continent of the whole of the entire continent. "
 as chairman of the newly established advisory council, i shall be able to build up the good foundations for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a means of the imposition of impunity, and the aspirations of the international community.
 cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures in recent years were reported in recent years and seized 913 kg cocaine cocaine.
 for that reason, pakistan supported the mexican proposal of the united nations to consider carefully the request for the supplementary budgetary budget.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (" the authority) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then, he was reportedly taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken with a police vehicle at the same time.
 in connection with the environment, international efforts should be carried out more effectively and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has set up a united nations development organization.
 it is also necessary to define user users and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement was shorter than my shorter, but i shall now be more shorter than that.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of the international forum on combating terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states of america <unk> 11 <unk> the court of appeal of the united states was overthrown by the court of appeal.
 in this connection, in the southern part of the equation area, the 30000 internally displaced persons in the south of equatega and katantan province were not assistance in that year.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul at the end of july, international organizations had to leave the city.
 we have also urged the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the pre-employment training course, " he added.
 at best, i can only talk to the local saying that the government is only not good.
 at present, the operating budget of unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 in addition, 10 per cent of the non-payment of 10 per cent shall be made available on 31 december to compensate for the floating exchange rate.
 premier and his wife.
 the world trade conference will be convened in seattle, which could be a suitable forum for the forum.
 he said that the 1 question was recommended to cover the basic capabilities in the language of primary and secondary school students, university graduates and professional groups.
 therefore, if the so-called consensus is to be put in place, it is not wise.
 periodic receives and handling satellites and 7-6-minute images (from 30 minutes).
 any person affected by the project may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the inclusion of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports increased both 2<unk>3 and colombian.
 the most recent example is the content of the integrity of the country's integrity.
 the contents of these types of projects are contained in article 11 of the model model law.
 a keynote speaker will be organised by the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 the 12 persons arrested in the operation of june 15 were released on bail pending further enquiries.
 the issue has been reported to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but at present there is no progress at the moment.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to obtain information on counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to select non-governmental organizations, to provide information and how to use such information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i move this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy to promote the policy of representative representative, but their country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but, however, 15 different countries are oil shoes.
 in accordance with the procedure provided for the provisions of the treaty, legal assistance was requested by the treaty.
 these realities need to be addressed, or at least the majority of them are able to return to their homes.
 there should be no shortens, and the victims of direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to mr tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate also occurred in the construction industry, related to the transport and transport sectors.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of limitations were imposed on the costs and expenditure of the assignment.
 this is a target of exceptional exceptions, and it is not possible to detain too long too long.
 during every weekend, the next class, which is the next class, will be at the scene of their parents, and the transportation of traffic is also blocked.
 the bank does not want to say one thing, and it is the government to instruct the banks to deal with them.
 programme for information can be made available at 246 0116.
 as a result, the taiwan strait can make research into a unit.
 article 1<unk>20 of the penal code of the penal code of the penal code, in detail of article 190 to 2071 of the penal accounts (1990s).
 " we also think that we need to expand to training and transportation, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sad dictatorships experienced by albania.
 we do not agree with the way forward in resolving the north korea's nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask about what i did not know <unk> they will say that you will not allow you to join you.
 he was released after a few days later.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the work of the conference, a global and effective treaty to combat anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, articles 13 and 18 should be considered by article 13 to 18 of the international regime for specific activities.
 1970-1975 counsellor counsellor in italy.
 the code of ethics of ethics of ethics of ethics of ethics of ethics of ethics of ethics.
 preconditions should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the flats will not be available for sale in the hos flats, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the death toll is 32000.
 but i have responded to it, since this issue deals with the fact that the demise of the balkans.
 " in hong kong's future, some chinese leaders said: " the chinese people are doing everything. "
 more than any other group, they require family, social and government care and care.
 it has been reported that the pollution of these foods had been exported by pollution, and these foods have been exported in other parts and then imported food for clean food.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice of children, luxembourg made reservations to the convention.
 they have also discussed and agreed to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss the views of the industry and listen to their views.
 i would also like to go to all the victims of the victims in the last ten years.
 when ni niu talked women, it's saying that selling copyrights of taiwan's taiwan versions of all copyrights.
 the overall project focuses on helping girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management authorities and palau are determined to preserve palau's environment and culture.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communist party issued a visit to the jiangjiang as a revolution.
 during the promotion of chickens, there was a small number of local chickens and chickens.
 the advisory committee requested that a copy of the memorandum of understanding had not been received, but no.
 against this background, the committee has worked hard to understand the full desect of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person concerned have lost fighting.
 the main reason for the failure of unutilized balances was the termination of the mandated programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinians.
 the scientific research and practical applications of the satellite remote sensing should be strengthened.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy the elections and the right to vote.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in service industry received a loan of $ 216000, created or saved 79 jobs during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in a further reaction to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to our country.
 to persuade the friends of business: understand that they have not been able to seek assistance.
 after a few months later, the storm has also been politically and a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, i was closed yesterday.
 after protesting meetings, some people caught the blockade on the blockade on the blockade, and the police used high water to the public.
 the work plan for the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i feel most important to respect the civil service so that they are in the hands of the negotiating table.
 the effects of the pension system has expressed concern about the impact of the pension system, which is far greater than the impact on men.
 (iii) the office of the force commanders office: owing to the sensitive message of the office of the office, the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the increase in the world economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the department of community development division and family support division (s) has been carried out in the department of community and family support division, a national day, exhibition and similar activity.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be in a fair and equal manner in the context of a fair, equal and equal attitude of human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 similar provisions in the annex to the joint declaration is also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked to me.
 the us dollar deposits rose slightly to 0.6% in july to november, after 17%.
 the committee wished to know the results of this incident.
 the full participation of women in society, however, depends on the economic and social and economic rights of women.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and various committees are reflected in the urgent issue of the common concern of all humankind.
 they must end their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of our success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 of all, only $ 1233000000 is used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rent paid by households in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach should be focused on whether the proceeds will return to the original guarantee.
 he argues that the beijing olympic games will be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues that had been considered by the committee on the last year in february this year.
 the situation in the economy of economic measurement is to give us an assessment of the grave situation.
 in 2000, the maternity protection ordinance also prohibits pregnant workers from eight to 21 weeks in the workplace.
 paraguay has a major improvement, leaving river transit corridors into the 2 key transport routes.
 please see everyone.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to show that we will continue to develop as soon as possible.
 for the public, the general assembly is also the importance of the culture of art.
 in the majority of countries, the population of population is far worse than the overall population population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives were looted on 12 may 1994.
 it is a great pleasure to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology achievements.
 their discipline of discipline, which is a matter of their own right, is to be the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public opinion of the public, and we have made suggestions from the mass people.
 " there is no need for undue concern for the public, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who are urged to contact investigating officers of the missing group on 2703 3311 or 2203 3311.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 the seven-year-old <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 this incident took place at the road which occurred in ancient martials.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is several times.
 a number of industrial governments have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend its debt at the beginning of the decision.
 in this century and this millennium, we have seen the great achievements of human success and see some disastrous tragedies.
 mr deputy president, after the amendment of my amendment, i would like to say a few words on this.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is the civilian population.
 a phase iii revolution revolution was called the biotechnology revolution.
 i do not think it is more important for the chinese government to drafting the basic law for the purpose of drafting the basic law.
 the violation of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of them.
 the provision is made to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people on the food and medicines of the iraqi people.
 note: chinese charitable funds and the chinese temple fund was set up shortly after promulgating the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is well known that, in fact, it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between volunteer and compulsory recruitment.
 on the first page of the day, the japanese page was written on a daily basis.
 at the same time, the high rate of inflation is not lower, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will close to 10 per cent.
 mrs ip also mentioned that he believes that many of the voters in the legal profession have been tired of chinese and british disputes.
 i very much agree with the proposed amendments to reduce the proposed reduction in some of the specific administrative provisions.
 there is no need for me to repeat members here.
 a number of conclusions and recommendations were drafted by the conference will be submitted to the 1 session of the committee.
 management systems is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the united nations personnel, budget and financial work.
 if it is not enough, he can buy a lot of people with friends.
 in line with the relevant measures, the department, fire services department, lands department and the department of lands will be engaged in the above-mentioned verification exercise.
 mr. wang yingchi (china) (spoke in chinese): i am like my congratulations to the president of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police have not been able to ensure safe safety.
 the text of the text is to introduce a number of political options and rights to the states concerned.
 responding to the report, police officers arrested a total of three rooms in the above-mentioned hotel.
 they must accept the continuing professional training and their registration <unk> authority may be considered for renewal.
 in late february each year, ed will be invited to take part in the selection procedures for the selection process.
 however, the cost of these technologies is enormous.
 originally, i also said that he was not hesitated to him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 is even more clear.
 the mandate of an obligation on the duty service will give the benefits to benefit from each society.
 the view was expressed that the remuneration of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not going to repeat the point that members of the elderly will have to give them a point of justice.
 during the absence of other speakers, the president shall announce an end to the debate upon the consent of the group.
 he said: " you are often able to get into sexual darkness, " he said.
 i think that the ceiling should be given a decision on the situation in the future and there is no need for fixed.
 the sisters of sisters and sisters have been starved on a day.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service, which is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 it will be a major step forward in the future.
 the community is now clearing in favour of a bill of rights to establish a bill of rights and freedoms.
 i think it is just like the government to " themselves. "
 however, when the mission travelled to new york, it had to enter the united states to prevent them from the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will greatly slow. "
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be consistent with some criteria.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds in the near future, i think the government should actively implement policies.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties pertains to multilateral covenants and agreements, including which include human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose democracy to democracy: the government of myanmar is pursuing a genuine democratic state which is a market-oriented economy.
 it was further reported that the rwandan military soldiers were allegedly robbed by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will submit their appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this brings more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is a way of setting up to stay in hong kong. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit instruments belongs to customs legislation, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 over 95% of the tax and the income tax for individual income tax will receive tax refunds within the next two weeks.
 it is, however, that we must overcome our hearts and consider what must be done.
 in the sudan, the department of welfare and the ministry of social development and the department of social development is responsible for the preparation of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee of the administrative committee on the secretary of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization.
 this exhibition is the end of friday, 5 november, in cooperation with the department of the department of public information.
 the same is the difference in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, it is the checks and balance between administrative and legislature.
 even if the shells did not have any public transport, no one can work on the streets.
 this year may be the same as after all.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members can also observe the investigation of the police complaints office.
 i think that i would like to take my speech, and i would like to make my speech.
 despite a good financial results, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its objectives in gdp growth.
 yes, there was a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations has a pivotal position, we must bring the united nations to take a step forward in a way forward.
 in his budget's budget, the financial secretary referred to the song under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out remedial works for repair works in public housing estates.
 after elected mr deputy, i believe that this is the last meeting of my last meeting.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accidents rates have been declining.
 the croatian police are also engaged in walking and vehicle patrols on a regular basis.
 as far as we are concerned, mr cheung said that it would be misunderstanding to the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before formal implementation of the legislation, the administration will consider carefully the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, mr martin lee, on the basis of the advice, i would not consider it appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already had a strong blow to the civil service, which is likely to reduce civil servants.
 in the evening, he will go to washington for a visit to washington north america.
 the number of developing countries increased from 22 per cent to the united states from 22 per cent to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 let her her her husband's shoes.
 although there is a need for analysis of data available and a number of volumes, the content of the dissemination of data is less.
 the report, however, pointed out that although the local market had been sold in the local market, the power of the population is very limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with that view and proposes to retain the current rate of 23.7 per cent.
 the gains achieved in the fight against terrorism should not be a reason for the international community.
 the administration has made it to the ad hoc group to recognize the interests of the sovereign state.
 but at present, hong kong's economic growth has been growing in many countries.
 this should be done.
 according to the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has indicated that the scope of the commission is not defined.
 over the years, a large number of documents proved that due to the shortage of water supply, due to the shortage of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear testing, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new weapons systems.
 they told him that he was unable to receive him.
 the overall overall overall situation is far higher than its overall part.
 (b) clp will be closed on a full-time basis from may 1, this year.
 people who will be misconstructed in the green paper is indeed eight.
 in 1993, he was appointed by a witness from china, who became a member of the arbitral arbitrator in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority has been given to cooperation in the capacity and infrastructure of the national protection and protection of human rights.
 the week of the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use the use of international law in international law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing, and the scale of economic co-operation has been unprecedented, and the world is speeding up more.
 on the other hand, the topic of the chinese painting and the museum of the museum of the museum of the museum.
 in his sense of rationality and sense, he was wearing a sense of emotions.
 i have talked about responses to the exploitation of the exploitation of pornography in west africa.
 but most fundamentally, the angolans are genuinely committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few signs that exist in fiji.
 in this way, there was no waste of money.
 brazil's turtles, fu fuk-fun, mud rodent and buddo sea, also became the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subject to discrimination against workers or not in the labour market.
 (a) its economy is more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) which is generally developed.
 today, for the 1 time in history, saint lucia was female head of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations attempts to influence a government.
 this fangic phenomenon is a product of which a state of a country's own country is a product of a new one of the country.
 there have been a number of original groups that have not been overdue.
 however, with the return of the population, it will require ongoing resources for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a total of at least five people died and 19 were wounded.
 the police charged with violations of human rights and other irregularities or criminal acts.
 his election highlights his merits, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 since the tourism industry is the " people-oriented industry ", it is not possible for the industry to survive.
 the line of 10 cm per 10 centimeters shall be at valu and 133 of 133.
 for the sake of " withdrawing ".
 at the same time, the department is not normally trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-stated security, the debtor should also be borne by the defence and protection of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular with regard to mutual legal assistance, will make fruits in the future.
 however, we have not yet witnessed any meaningful progress in the urgent need.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the incident, and the site was busy to escape, but did not cause casualties.
 the council also started to hold a new " mixed " conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is in the near future.
 the office does not mention the office of the office.
 i am grateful to the secretary for constitutional affairs that some things are too close to the elections.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies had to be filled and the meeting was closed on that day.
 the carparks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in growth in the growth of clients's portfolio growth remained a steady growth in the performance of the standard.
 many people have to be able to make a lot of money to make money, but they have to pay a huge debt.
 in mid-july this year, li sheng-tai, on behalf of his illness in the 8 world, was sent to japan in the 8 world.
 the 3 ldcs meeting of the 3 least developed countries will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of a comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 based on this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible, with the details of the two teams.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation.
 we fully appreciate the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 xiao qi's seventh was the well-being and he expressed satisfaction at the satisfaction and lovement of the women's friend.
 mr cheung also delivered a keynote speech with " occupational safety in hong kong. "
 if you want to ask you one thing, i am going to look for you.
 the new vision of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments that are installed.
 in spite of limited financial resources in the economy, many minors could be able to receive substantial funds.
 as for the contents of the draft articles, it was suggested that the current draft is too complex and needs to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and, as we have to preserve hong kong's reputation as an international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the employment of primary school students.
 it is only 180-year-old in the body of the coin-in-in-charge of the coinn's body.
 the israeli occupying forces have also travelled into the village in the village and destroyed a house, and burnt another another.
 all these people should be invited to seek medical advice as soon as possible to avoid diagnosticness and governance.
 child prostitution is referring to the use of children in order to obtain or to facilitate the use of children, to engage in sexual activity.
 this is not an achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2% in nominal terms.
 the high level of external debt, which accounts for a third of those countries, accounted for 1<unk>3 of those countries.
 for many years and years, we are now back to the point that we are going back to the same point.
 the economic and social council has 14 panels of experts, and its membership consists of experts, not representatives of states.
 as for the expert training unit, the experts provided more in-depth training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to its complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the networks of family relations are collapsed, and many changes in traditional family structures are taking place.
 to ensure the quality of the quality of chinese textbooks, chinese texts have been set up by the authorities.
 another thing is that the bank's business is better to do so as long as it sounds out.
 some were reportedly injured.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role in the field of unctad, but the topic discussed only a number of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will help to prevent those who wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 it would, however, be viewed to trade in trade, health and management, to address trade, health and management, etc.
 however, it was reported that this person had been transferred to those who had had been transferred to those who had been transferred to death.
 in order to avoid political parties, the political parties should be able to receive public funding, and the cost of election costs should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the work of the working group on the right to development will be completed in 2000.
 on the other hand, he never imagined that sun yao-yen was warming.
 the chairman of the committee on small and medium-sized enterprises (sss) is jointly organised with the chief executive in this morning and this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the bulk of the new territories is largely regulated by collective bureaus.
 we welcome, " the spokesman said.
 if you want to make it clear, computer can't be able to tell the computer. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in the iraqi security forces seem to be blamed, no matter whether the authorities or the local people are not.
 please watch the 5 series series of new zealand's 5 series of new zealand, and innovative countries.
 the committee adopted the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) by the commission adopted on 18 june 1998.
 15. during the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact of the area was based on the area and in the general public.
 a number of programmes on this seminar will help to improve public awareness on this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, they have equal employment for employment and earning more than minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he is well aware of the achievement of the success of the law.
 the special rapporteur invites the competent agencies to conduct a review of the regulations under the international standard of international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them find suitable vacancies and help them, " he said.
 with china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, the co-operation of the two companies will be prepared in beijing.
 recently, one of the academics from the university of hong kong in hong kong, attended by the university of hong kong.
 in overall terms, the existing system has already set up checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, then he was cut off his hand, it also guarantees the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs took part in the elections to indicate the importance of their own self-government authority.
 marking is the headquarters of the ruf.
 to date, " taipei dignity " signboards are now on the eve of the new painting room.
 this name does not disclose the name of the name of the name, " he said: " <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 born in 1944, u.s. new zealand, u.s. new zealand, martial university and australia's university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens in the traditional market are diverted for foreign exchanges.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up notices at the site sites for public inspection.
 because the dpp has created a new dpp movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimant also provided exports to export guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has devised the implementation of national plans for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the requirements of the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, it is the right of all in estonia to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union is of the view that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the conflict resolution.
 national daily also quoted economists of the world bank's office in bangkok, " nobody knows how much cost. "
 the festival has been published in this edition of the " red camera ", and the zhouning publishing publishing publication.
 madam president, today's secretary secretary michael suen's " dies ", and we should not stay at him.
 perhaps i may say some more interesting things.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the comments of the international court of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the audience's response to the audience were enthusiastic and encouraging.
 i can also quote a number of examples. some people say that some of the chronic patients who are suffering from the hospital authority is dismissed.
 the approved requirement is necessary to reflect the latest developments in the new territories.
 in fact, i all have come to chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring gender-related issues in the 2001 census census in 2001.
 she has the highest treasured and enjoy all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will take part in various activities, to prevent the victims of the victims of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the states parties, the committee noted that, in some instances, reports would mention current situations in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general cases, 100 fighters per hour can be fired at approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, the level of tension has decreased.
 let us first take action on draft resolutions which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, there is no room for the current peacekeeping system.
 my delegation is also very grateful for us by the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general for his briefing today morning.
 the declining attractiveness of developing countries in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was held with the government of the czech republic, on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 because of the transfer of a banking licence, only the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this was mainly attributed to the differences in a number of countries, and there has been no difference between some countries in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the plight of the conflict has become more heavy to their suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed the general strengthening of the efficiency of the civilian police handling complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now present.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of the population of africa, according to the current population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong has become more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, south korea and india.
 in the united states, atypical pneumonia in the united states spends 1 1000 000 advertisements.
 in my view, it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is so disastrous.
 this is a subject which deserves to play.
 the office of internal oversight services urged the ministry of disarmament to help bring the new politicalization of member states.
 our financial position is lucky better than the united kingdom. therefore, there is no need to go out.
 the last time in which la laden was lasted at the end of 2004, but his deputy, his deputy, was frequently used.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of waste reduction projects by mr tam yiu-chung, chaired by mr tam.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 during the day before the performance, huhu-wai, who took up his performance before the performance of his performance.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in the industry, a percentage point lower than that in 1995.
 in post-conflict positions, children are in need of care, and children need care.
 bosnian serb forces have been escalation of military attacks on civilian populations, with casualties on each day.
 a spokesman for the department said that 10424 visits had been completed successfully during the two-week survey period.
 the chickens were tested through test tests and blood tests, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat hopes that the executive board would continue to provide guidance for these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long, with a extension of 10 kilometres from iraq and 5 kilometres from kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family services is girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been undertaken to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 chief executive, liu ming-ming, also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological weather forecasts that the weather in the air meteorological weather will also affect north china.
 this section recalls the reasons for the purposes of the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, buo-chin was destroyed by the colonialers, and through the colonials.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure law have been amended to consolidate the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions to engage in arms manufacture would be able to facilitate compliance with the process of authorizing procedures.
 the government and the business sector has taken a series of events to strengthen the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and that the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet troupe will perform the hong kong ballet troupe in hong kong.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, director of home affairs, mr lee li-ping, said: " hong kong has always been a immigration community.
 on 30 may, a new battle between the forces and the taliban in the north-west of abdullah province was a new fighting with the taliban.
 the computer systems in computer systems are very easy and easy to trigger some of the major issues relating to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will include the voluntary experience of members of the asean regional forum on the security situation in the area of the asean region.
 on a daily basis, the soldiers said that the same day would have been delayed, but after repeated delay.
 " the better the overall burden of our community as a mpf system will be, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission in the use of these cars is not.
 on the contrary, they often see people as the enemy, and therefore, for the people's hearts.
 the railway system is an integral part of the hong kong productivity system.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry.
 through this election, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is an exclusive class of asset.
 it appears that, despite the intention of the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not have any use.
 " therefore, it is not going to see that others will not dare to go into a new area. "
 the adjudication results will be issued in july.
 johnson was the beginning of the 1940s of the 1940s.
 however, madam president, today's bill presented to this council today, the bill is to be implemented within the transition period.
 after arriving at los angeles from new zealand on los angeles road, shake was arrested on the 3 of the month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, introduced the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics had not been adequately reflected in the size of the problem.
 as a result, we have to choose different parts of the different areas.
 since 1978, china's implementation of economic reforms was a long-standing chaos, which is a price of foreign exchange.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkeke groups have been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 in addition, we will continue to persuade the young people to pursue their health risks and are not abused. "
 some of the results are listed as follows: in addition to religious studies, studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total revenue of this year's total income amounted to $ 10225500, representing an almost 24% increase over the last year.
 these provisions should, in fact, be discussed with china.
 non-competitive projects carried out by historical costs based on other currencies is based on the united nations operational rate of exchange.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have ranked 2 in hong kong's best service service in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i understand that the doctor's doctor has expressed dissatisfaction with the relevant parties concerned.
 " the need for amending plans to reflect the latest land uses in the north-east lantau port proposal, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations to negotiate at that stage.
 to this end, member states are required to pay their assessed contributions on time and without conditions of assessed obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, human beings living in an ongoing nuclear danger.
 he said that, as a matter of resolving these problems, a cabinet was established as prime minister as prime minister.
 in all cases, the longer they are prepared, the longer they are prepared for the period 2003-04.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the conduct was comparable to the seriousness of the violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2.
 there will be some heavy rains in some parts of the south-west of yunnan province.
 on behalf of the comoros and people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not been able to carry out a comprehensive plan of confidence-building in the structure of undp trust.
 in 2000, the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the delegations of mali, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development in relation to poverty, planning, policy and operational activities.
 at present, the vocational training council conducted a total of 70 examinations for some 70 candidates.
 after the culprit, the culprit entered the victim's sleep and revealed the incident.
 the authorities have declared today that today.
 for example, during the 3 phase of the prosticides, it was late until late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue to work and job.
 the printing volume has been a reduction of 30 per cent.
